## Approach
Waste management refers to the activities and actions required to manage waste from its generation to its final disposal. This includes the collection, transport, treatment and disposal of waste, together with monitoring and regulation of the waste management process. We plan to help in improving the collection process of waste and making it more efficient. In this time of increasing amount of waste, the most essential step in efficient waste management is reusing the recyclable materials. This would also help in reduction of the total amount of waste. In other words, segregation of waste is the key to efficient management and disposal of garbage. Hence, we propose setting up of waste bins which carry segregated waste, along with ensured daily collection.  

## Idea and Workflow
We plan to build an Android Application which will assist people in waste management and other related issues. In order to prevent people from littering in the open, the app has a provision to show dustbins and trash cans closest to the current location of the mobile on which it is being run. Not only this, it will also display the category of waste, whether recyclable or non-recyclable or general, that the bin contains and whether it is full or can take in more waste. The app also shows the expected time of arrival of the next waste collection truck at a particular location. In addition to this, it provides separate contact details of waste-collectors whom individuals could ask for waste-disposal and home-cleaning services. These services would ensure proper sanitation inside the house and in areas surrounding the house. 
The app also provides for an online Sanitation store which displays a catalogue of cleaning items like brooms, disinfectants and other cleaning accessories like gloves and masks. These would be home-delivered to the customers upon placing the order. We have also provided for an online payment option through GooglePay for payment while ordering. The payment facilities can also be used while eliciting other services provided by the app.

## Additional Ideas
We are planning to attach sensors in the dustbins at a level upto which it can hold garbage and integrate it with the app that displays a notification when the dustbin needs to be emptied. We could also set up a provision which automatically sends a request to the waste-collectors to empty the bin.

## Conclusion
Through this app, we aim to make the collection and disposal of waste as convenient and efficient as possible. 
